Grammar and sentence structure fixes for shipyard descriptions (#4)
1010todd/Mega-Freight: data/mships.txt

	explode "large explosion" 40
	explode "huge explosion" 10
	"final explode" "final explosion large"
	description `Massive freighter developed to carry as much cargo as possible, handily exceeding the capacity of its competitors the moment it was launched. However, unlike the other ships from MarStel Industries, it is slow, unmaneuverable, and very lightly armed relative to its cargo capacity, lacking enough armament to defend itself properly and enough speed to outrun any threats. Due to those reasons, it requires well-equipped escorts to travel safely, especially through dangerous territory.`

> 	description `Though it carries more than most, if not all, freighters in human space, the sheer amount of cargo that has to be unloaded during a stop requires an ungodly amount of time, equipment, and manpower, which only gets worse when loading more cargo. Any less than well developed urban spaceport struggles to service the ship and often takes a few days to complete the operation, if they ever require this much cargo in the first place. This results in the ship being not quite a popular choice in human space as few planets require this much cargo in a single delivery and fewer are capable of handling it.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `Though it carries more than most, if not all, freighters in human space, the sheer amount of cargo that has to be unloaded during a stop requires an ungodly amount of time, equipment, and manpower. This only gets worse when loading cargo back on to the ship. Any less than well developed urban spaceport struggles to service the ship and often takes a few days to complete the operation, if they ever require this much cargo in the first place. This results in the ship being not quite a popular choice in human space as few planets require this much cargo in a single delivery and fewer are capable of handling it.`
```

Author: Yeah, you're right, that conveys it fine. I wasn't quite sure, so I just wrote what looked grammatically sound
